TokenBridge End User Licensing Agreement and Terms of Service

PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY AND IN FULL. If you access, use, or install
TokenBridge, you will be LEGALLY BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE in their
entirety, including:

Agreeing that your use of our TokenBridge is at your own risk – without any
warranties or guarantees – and that you have an adequate understanding of the
risks inherent in using our TokenBridge.  Being required to resolve any
disputes you have with us through binding arbitration, and waiving your right
to go to court.  Allowing us to disclaim any and all liability to you with
respect to your use of TokenBridge to the maximum extent permitted by law, and
where we are not legally permitted to disclaim liability, allowing us to
substantially limit the type and amount of any remedies you may seek from us in
any legal proceeding.  If you do not agree to any term contained in these Terms
of Service, DO NOT ACCESS, USE, OR INSTALL OUR TokenBridge.

1. Introduction This document relates to a TokenBridge jointly offered by Mask
Network (collectively, “we” or “us” or – for the possessive – “our”). Our
TokenBridge includes a mechanism that provides a method for (i) converting
Ethereum ERC20 tokens, a form of cryptocurrency maintained on the Ethereum
Network, into BEP20 tokens, a different form of cryptocurrency maintained on
the Binance Smart Chain and (ii) converting BEP20 tokens into ERC20 tokens.
This process is referred to herein as “converting cryptocurrency.”

Our TokenBridge includes (i) the mechanism for converting cryptocurrency, (ii)
user interface software, and (iii) accompanying support documentation. When
this document uses the term “our TokenBridge,” it includes all three of these
components, unless otherwise specified.

By accessing, using, and/or installing any component of our TokenBridge, the
end user of our TokenBridge (“you”) agrees to the terms contained in this
TokenBridge End User Licensing Agreement and Terms of Service (“Terms of
Service”).

2. Scope 2.1

These Terms of Service relate only to use of our TokenBridge by end users.

2.1.1. These Terms of Service do not govern our relationship with individuals
who validate transactions in connection with the operation of our TokenBridge.

2.1.2. These Terms of Service do not govern redistribution and/or modification
of our TokenBridge. Redistribution and/or modification of our TokenBridge is
governed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (&ldquo;GPL&rdquo;)
as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License,
or (at your option) any later version. To view GNU GPL version 3 and subsequent
versions in their entirety, and for information on how to apply and follow the
GNU GPL, see https://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

2.1.3. Due to the decentralized nature of blockchain technology, we are not
responsible for exercising any control over the Ethereum Network, or any other
software, hardware, product, or service other than our TokenBridge. Your use of
the Ethereum Network, or any other software, hardware, product, or service
other than our TokenBridge is outside the scope of these Terms of Service,
except that you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless (including our
officers, our agents, and our employees) from any claim, suit or action arising
from or related to your use of the Ethereum Network, or any other software,
hardware, product, or service other than our TokenBridge. Note that your use of
our TokenBridge is subject to additional indemnification duties set forth
below.

2.1.4.  It is possible that other companies or individuals may develop or
operate other TokenBridges – based in whole, in part, or entirely independent
of the source code we use for our TokenBridge – that operate without our
involvement or control (&ldquo;Alternative TokenBridges&rdquo;). For the
avoidance of doubt, your use of any such Alternative TokenBridge is outside the
scope of these Terms of Service, except that you agree to indemnify and hold us
harmless (including our officers, our agents, and our employees) from any
claim, suit, or action arising from or related to your use of an Alternative
TokenBridge, including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses,
damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs, and attorneys&rsquo; fees that we
face.  2.2

If you are using our TokenBridge on behalf of a business, that business accepts
these Terms of Service. For the avoidance of doubt, both the business and you
are subject to the indemnification provisions set forth in Section 7.

3. License grant 3.1

Subject to and conditioned on your compliance with the terms and conditions of
these Terms of Service, we grant you a worldwide, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and install TokenBridge,
and to use it for your own personal conversion of cryptocurrency.

3.2

Under this license, we retain the copyright(s) and any other ownership and
intellectual property interests associated with our TokenBridge.

4. Fees 4.1

We may impose fees for the conversion of cryptocurrency using TokenBridge or
decline to charge any fee, in our sole discretion. Our decision to decline to
charge any fee for one instance of the conversion of cryptocurrency using
TokenBridge shall not prevent us from charging fees on any other instance of
the conversion of cryptocurrency using TokenBridge.

4.2

We shall have sole discretion for setting the amount of any fee we choose to
impose. We may change the applicable fee for the conversion of cryptocurrency
using TokenBridge at any time.

4.3

If a fee will apply to a conversion, we will inform you of the current
applicable fees before you initiate any conversion of cryptocurrency using our
TokenBridge. Such fees will be automatically be deducted from your wallet
during the conversion process. 

4.4

The Ethereum network, and any other blockchain network involved in our
conversion of cryptocurrency may independently charge a transaction fee for
transactions involving TokenBridge. We do not set or control any such fees, and
we are not responsible for informing you of them.

5. User requirements 5.1

You represent and warrant that you are legally capable of entering into
binding, non-voidable contracts under any applicable law. If you are not
legally capable of entering into binding, non-voidable contracts due to your
age, your mental capacity, or any other reason under any applicable law, you
may not access, use, or download our TokenBridge.

5.2

You understand that TokenBridge is designed for use by sophisticated
individuals and entities. You represent that you are capable of understanding
and appropriately analyzing the risks and benefits offered by our TokenBridge.

5.3

You understand that you are solely responsible for ensuring that your access,
use, or download of our TokenBridge complies with all laws and regulations that
apply to you. You represent and warrant that you will use our TokenBridge only
in a manner that complies with all laws and regulations that apply to you.

5.4

You understand – and accept sole responsibility for – the risk that your
ability to, and action of access, use, or download TokenBridge in compliance
with all applicable laws and regulations could be impacted at any time by
regulatory or legal inquiries, actions, or investigations in one or more
jurisdictions.

5.5

You understand – and accept sole responsibility for – the security risks
associated with using our TokenBridge.

5.5.1. You understand that it is your sole responsibility to ensure that you
access our TokenBridge using a well-secured computer and network connection.
You solely bear the risks associated with any security vulnerabilities
associated with your computer and your network.

5.5.2. You understand that hackers and other criminals routinely target
cryptocurrency users. You understand that your use of our TokenBridge may
result in targeting by hackers and other criminals. You will take appropriate
care to avoid transferring cryptocurrency to a hacker or other criminal who is
engaging in spoofing, phishing, or other fraudulent schemes.

5.5.3. While we take security very seriously, we do not guarantee that our
TokenBridge is secure or invulnerable to cyberattack. You agree to assume all
risk associated with cybersecurity vulnerabilities related to your use of
TokenBridge, regardless of whether the cybersecurity vulnerability arose from
our software code, a network-layer vulnerability, or any other source.

5.5.4. You agree not to take any action that will bypass or breach any security
measures we take to protect our TokenBridge, other TokenBridge users, our
networks, or our property.  6. Warranties and disclaimers 6.1

OUR TokenBridge IS OFFERED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. Other than as is expressly set
out in these Terms of Service, we do not make any specific promises about our
TokenBridge. For example, we do not make any promises about the availability or
reliability of our TokenBridge, the specific functions of our TokenBridge, the
timing of transactions using the TokenBridge, the ability of the TokenBridge to
meet your needs, our continued support for our TokenBridge, or the error-free
operation of our TokenBridge.

6.2

We may suspend, modify, or terminate our TokenBridge at any time, in our sole
discretion, with or without prior notice. For the avoidance of doubt, we do not
represent that our TokenBridge or any of its features will be continually,
consistently, or reliably available or uninterrupted. During any period of time
when our TokenBridge is not operational, you may be unable to convert
cryptocurrency. You understand that our TokenBridge may not operate as
intended. You shall solely assume the risks as mentioned herein.



6.3

For the avoidance of doubt, you are solely responsible for ensuring proper
configuration of the user interface app component of our TokenBridge.

6.4

To the maximum extent permitted by law, we DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, including but not limited to warranties of performance,
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, omissions,
completeness, currectness, and delays.

7. Indemnification 7.1

You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless (including our officers, our
agents, and our employees) from any claim, suit, or action arising from or
related tothe circumstance including, but not limited to :

7.1.1. Your use of our TokenBridge in a way that violates any applicable law or
any terms and conditions contained herein；

7.1.2. Losses resulting from the non-availability of our TokenBridge；

7.1.3. Alleged security deficiencies that result in loss of cryptocurrency；

7.1.4. Software errors that result in imperfect conversion of cryptocurrency；

7.1.5. Theft of cryptocurrency by a hacker.  7.2

Indemnification shall include but not be limited to any liability or expense
arising from claims, losses, damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs, and
attorneys’ fees.

8. Binding arbitration Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to
these Terms of Service or the breach thereof (including the suitability of a
dispute for arbitration) shall be determined by arbitration administered by the
International Centre for Dispute Resolution in accordance with the
International Arbitration Rules. Arbitration shall proceed on an individual
basis. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO BRING ANY
CLAIM ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IN COURT, AND THAT YOU
ARE WAIVING ANY RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A MEMBER OR REPRESENTATIVE OF A CLASS
IN ARBITRATION.

9. Limitation of liability and waiver of claims 9.1

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU WAIVE ALL CLAIMS ARISING FROM OR
RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE THAT ARE CAUSED BY CIRCUMSTANCES BEYOND OUR
CONTROL.

9.2

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU WAIVE ALL CLAIMS ASSOCIATED WITH
ANY OF OUR CONDUCT ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE THAT IS
ALLEGEDLY INTENTIONAL, GROSS NEGLIGENT OR RECKLESS.

9.3

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOUR MAXIMUM RECOVERY ASSOCIATED WITH
ANY LEGALLY COGNIZABLE CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST US ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO
THESE TERMS OF SERVICE SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT OF FEES YOU HAVE PAID US
FOR THE CONVERSION OF CRYPTOCURRENCY.

9.4

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO SEEK ANY
INJUNCTIVE RELIEF FROM US IN ANY CLAIM ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS
OF SERVICE.

9.5

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE RESPONSIBLE TO
YOU IN ANY CLAIM ARISING FROM OUR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE FOR ANY
LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, OR DATA; UNFORESEEABLE DAMAGES; OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.

10. Modification.  We may modify these Terms of Service at any time by posting
a revised version on  website. Your continued use of our TokenBridge after any
modification to these Terms of Service constitutes your agreement to be bound
by such modifications, regardless of whether you have received actual notice of
the modification.

11. Choice of law These Terms of Service and all matters arising out of or
relating to these Terms of Service – whether sounding in contract, tort,
statute, regulation, or other source of law – are governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America,
without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof to the extent
such principles or rules would require or permit the application of the laws of
any jurisdiction other than those of the State of Delaware.

12. Severability If any term or provision of these Terms of Service is
determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction by any
court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or
unenforceability shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such term or
provision in any other jurisdiction. The remaining terms shall be given the
maximum effect possible.

